README.md, before:

Timepicker for Twitter Bootstrap
=======

Timepicker for Twitter Bootstrap [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jdewit/bootstrap-timepicker.svg?branch=gh-pages)](https://travis-ci.org/jdewit/bootstrap-timepicker)
------------------------------------

A simple timepicker component for Twitter Bootstrap.

Status
======
This project is alive again. While the maintainers clean things up, it would be best if you download a release
archive from the Releases tab instead of using the HEAD code. The maintainers will be preparing new releases
to take care of longstanding issues. Otherwise, fork away or use some of the other excellent timepickers available.

Installation
============

This project is registered as a <a href="http://bower.io">Bower</a> package, and can be installed with the following command:

```bash
$ bower install bootstrap-timepicker
```

You can also download our latest release (and any previous release) 
<a href="https://github.com/jdewit/bootstrap-timepicker/releases">here</a>.

Demos & Documentation
=====================

View <a href="http://jdewit.github.com/bootstrap-timepicker">demos & documentation</a>.

Support
=======

If you make money using this timepicker, please consider 
supporting its development.

<a href="http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/19125"><img alt="Click here to support bootstrap-timepicker!" src="http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/19125.png?skin_name=chrome" border="0" target="_blank"/></a> <a class="FlattrButton" style="display:none;" rev="flattr;button:compact;" href="http://jdewit.github.com/bootstrap-timepicker"></a> <noscript><a href="http://flattr.com/thing/1116513/Bootstrap-Timepicker" target="_blank"> <img src="http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png" alt="Flattr this" title="Flattr this" border="0" /></a></noscript>

Contributing
============

1. Install <a href="www.nodejs.org">NodeJS</a> and <a href="www.npmjs.org">Node Package Manager</a>.

2. Install packages

``` bash
    npm install
```

3. Use <a href="https://github.com/twitter/bower">Bower</a> to get the dev dependencies.

``` bash 
$ bower install
```

4. Use <a href="www.gruntjs.com">Grunt</a> to run tests, compress assets, etc. 

``` bash 
$ grunt test // run jshint and jasmine tests
$ grunt watch // run jsHint and Jasmine tests whenever a file is changed
$ grunt compile // minify the js and css files
$ grunt gh-pages // push updates to gh-pages
$ grunt bump:[patch/minor/major] // bump the version
```

- Please make it easy on me by covering any new features or issues 
with <a href="http://pivotal.github.com/jasmine">Jasmine</a> tests.
- If your changes need documentation, please take the time to update the docs.

Acknowledgements
================

Thanks to everyone who have given feedback and submitted pull requests. A 
list of all the contributors can be found <a href="https://github.com/jdewit/bootstrap-timepicker/graphs/contributors">here</a>.

Special thanks to @eternicode and his <a href="https://github.com/eternicode/bootstrap-datepicker">Twitter Datepicker</a> for inspiration.

Commit message:

Update Changelog and README
I forgot to mention that I will be experimenting with deprecating
showWidgetOnAddonClick in a future release.

README.md, after:

Timepicker for Twitter Bootstrap
=======
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jdewit/bootstrap-timepicker.svg?branch=gh-pages)](https://travis-ci.org/jdewit/bootstrap-timepicker)

A simple timepicker component for Twitter Bootstrap.

Status
======
Please take a look at the `CHANGELOG.md` and the issues tab for issues we're
working on and their relative priorities.

Installation
============

This project is registered as a <a href="http://bower.io">Bower</a> package,
and can be installed with the following command:

```bash
bower install bootstrap-timepicker
```

You can also download our latest release (and any previous release) 
<a href="https://github.com/jdewit/bootstrap-timepicker/releases">here</a>.

Demos & Documentation
=====================

View <a href="http://jdewit.github.com/bootstrap-timepicker">demos & documentation</a>.

Support
=======

If you make money using this timepicker, please consider 
supporting its development.

<a href="http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/19125"><img alt="Click here to support bootstrap-timepicker!" src="http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/19125.png?skin_name=chrome" border="0" target="_blank"/></a> <a class="FlattrButton" style="display:none;" rev="flattr;button:compact;" href="http://jdewit.github.com/bootstrap-timepicker"></a> <noscript><a href="http://flattr.com/thing/1116513/Bootstrap-Timepicker" target="_blank"> <img src="http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png" alt="Flattr this" title="Flattr this" border="0" /></a></noscript>

Contributing
============

1. Install <a href="www.nodejs.org">NodeJS</a> and <a href="www.npmjs.org">Node Package Manager</a>.

2. Install packages

```bash
npm install
```

3. Use <a href="https://github.com/twitter/bower">Bower</a> to get the dev dependencies.

```bash 
bower install
```

4. Use <a href="www.gruntjs.com">Grunt</a> to run tests, compress assets, etc. 

```bash 
grunt test // run jshint and jasmine tests
grunt watch // run jsHint and Jasmine tests whenever a file is changed
grunt compile // minify the js and css files
```

- Please make it easy on me by covering any new features or issues 
  with <a href="http://pivotal.github.com/jasmine">Jasmine</a> tests.
- If your changes need documentation, please take the time to update the docs.

Acknowledgements
================

Thanks to everyone who have given feedback and submitted pull requests. A 
list of all the contributors can be found <a href="https://github.com/jdewit/bootstrap-timepicker/graphs/contributors">here</a>.

Special thanks to @eternicode and his <a href="https://github.com/eternicode/bootstrap-datepicker">Twitter Datepicker</a> for inspiration.
